For v4.1
---------

The most substantive changes for this distribution include better
behavior on errors.  Previously some scripts would continue to run if
an error or abnormal exit occurred within its bounds.  See changes
related to "set -e -o pipefail", below.

Details on all changes:


run_10kb_counts
---------------

1) Change grep command to include -w flag.  This is in response to
problems using purely numeric chromosome names (like 2, 20, 22), which
were not resolving uniquely.

2) Add --ec to bedmap call.  Without this, can lead to un-flagged
errors when using older versions of bedmap that can't accommodate
starch files, but will nevertheless run on them without error, but
producing bad results.  Tough to track done.

3) Add identifying echo statement.


Multiple files: run_10kb_counts, run_generate_random_lib, wavePeaks
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Change from using the "cut -fn" motif to the "awk '{print $n}'" motif,
especially when using the chromosome file.  This is to handle the case
where bed and/or chromosome files use spaces instead of tabs: the
default for cut is a single tab, whereas the default for awk is any
amount of whitespace.  

Without this change, and with spaces as the delimiter in the
chromosome file, I was running into the infamous xfm error from the
wavelets program:

modwt()
wavelet xfm exceeds sample size


Multiple files: multiple bash scripts
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Extend error-detecting and error-handling capabilities.

1) Change #! line to

#! /usr/bin/env bash
set -e -o pipefail

which causes scripts to stop on any error within.  The -o pipefail
option is required to trigger an error exit code whenever any element
of a piped sequence returns an exit code > 0 (default behavior is that
exit code of piped sequence is that of its final step).

2) Add exit code 1 to run_badspot, run_make_lib error exit points.

3) Exit with error if tags file does not exist or is empty
(run_badspot and run_make_lib).

4) Replace some tests that always return non-zero exit codes (several
scripts).

5) Change bedmap call in case of starch file in
run_add_peaks_per_hotspot to accept starch file directly in file list,
to avoid 141 exit code in some cases (when bedmap exits for efficiency
before entire file is read).  When starch file is in argument list,
bedmap does not have a internal pipe to break.

6) Add "|| true" to grep commmands, which return exit code 1 if no
match.

7) Change increment statements from, for example, ((i++)) to
i=$((i+1)).  The former returns exit code 1 if i=0 to start with.


run_badspot
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Remove use of /tmp.  All scripts now write temp files "in place" to
output directories.


run_add_peaks_per_hotspot
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Remove support for jarch density files.  Jarch format has been
supplanted by starch, and its use triggers 141 exit codes, as
previously noted.
